title: Protecting a SOHO Using a Raspberry Pi
authors: Gustavo Gomes, Musa Samaila, Pedro R. M. Inacio, Mario M. Freire

Abstract
Introduction
Related Works
System Architecture
Prototyping and Testing
Conclusions and Future Work

Flask with SSL and HTTPS
http://flask.pocoo.org/snippets/111/

Android
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3761737/https-get-ssl-with-android-and-self-signed-server-certificate


ABSTRACT

Nowadays the Internet of Things is a reccuring mostly becasue it is invading our
lives at a fast pace, we now know are used to hearing about the latest "smart
appliance", like "smart lightbulbs", "smart fridges", "ip-cameras" and many
more. But as Internet enabled applciances start to invade our homes there is
also a lack of security on these systems. This is all becasue these smart
appliances have limited resources so, security cocerns by the developers are
actually pushed to second plan. this leaves a hole in the security of anyone's
home network, because they can communicate via unsecure protocols and become an
easy target for attackers. These vulnerabilities can be mostly halted by
making a system which will shield the user by filtering the traffic that will be
sent ot the Internet. This project aims to do just that, allow the user to build
a secure and dynamic firewall system that will give the usr the power to block
communications coming from within their domestic network,

v2
The fast growing adoption of devices which are Internet enabled is becoming a
big security concern. Mostly these devices that compose the majority of the
Internet of Things are very limited in terms of computational resources which
prevents many of them from having any security concerns at all, some use
unsecure protocols which enable anyone to interact with them through the
Internet, others become gateways for malware to come inside your domestic
network. This project aims to build a secure gateway that will help filter the
traffic that is sent from the local network towards the Internet, by using a
Raspberry Pi the cost of this device are kept to a minimum and the user can
configure the gateway in order to not allow some of the devices from exposing
information to anyone on the Internet.
